[Music]
But but
today your hair looks better than yesterday
listen to me do you want me to look good or
bad it's that my hair well these muscles
still I don't know why it looks black I
think it's because it was freshly done today
color washed everything will continue going a little
what is the ink will it have
squid ink or something no
or I have seen your video thanks for the
comments obviously there are things that I do
not share because everyone knows what it
is but you are great with your
community or I support you thanks and I want to
upload it we discuss it and tell me what you do
not agree with and such if you want
now when I finish that extract how
great but I'm glad you liked it
with the softness [ __ ] that I was
with him quiet with the video man I hope it is
better I hope it is better yes I
uploaded now I will send you
something so you can upload a call
value
come out and thank you very much gorgeous what a
coincidence brother-in-law by chance let's see
family about the dye I imagine that it will be
put to see but I don't think it will look
good or bad it's that we are
talking that my color  it's the color
brown cyrus and brown
this is like a surprise kit pilar
thank you so much
with a kinder surprise you buy it
but not like you know have the entrance
Ronald please I'm going to handle
you you're never ever going to get close to me that's why I
can guarantee it because that's what
Turkey is for
in case it turns out that there was a
little bit of fur it would be turkey
you are brown but it doesn't paint it
black I promise you that it was I
promise you that it was brown but it has
turned out very black but I danced because it's
freshly laid it has a pink fur come in I
'm out I'll come by more calmly I'm
following you on insta right now I'm going to
return it right now
still to come back today you
come tomorrow the day after if you want more
calmly and two accounts well the move
the mobile point
yesterday at 6 me as it is leaving me to
have if in a moment here on instagram
by computer and it already comes to you calm down
win you want churra but nothing I'm glad I'm
glad that you will like it but well maybe we'll
talk maybe we'll talk and
so let's see tell me the move with what is
ok with what not and so on, that's
fine, I heard my family, I
look good, I
see good, I see good, let's see, yes, it
's true that white would look very
good on me too, but I
was already tired, but above all because I
said, this last one, they didn't do it well,
this last one didn't look good on me, a man
picked it up, old, I wouldn't take care of it, I don't know what it
is, but this last one didn't look
good on me, this last one had two
versions here, yellowish yellowish but
also yellow, it seems to me like a poodle dog,
which is like staining the park, and then a little
purple here, other men, I find myself here
based on how more natural it looks, like
healthier, it's been a while since I saw myself with
hair without white,
yes, yes, it was like gold, done by something and
on camera it didn't look as bad as in
person, constance constance, I will
surely do it
again in my life, surely maybe
next summer or in a year and a
half or two years, you can do it again for me,
but I will do it well so that it looks good,
white, powerful, and
start fighting again, black, which I don't
like, it is the one above, so I
lower it, no because at the moment that you  you
shave twice the second time it
looks like you're dyed on top but not on the
bottom yeah
okay whatever yeah okay whatever why are we
going to insist too no yeah okay
anyways I was
eating my own [ __ ] well to say
this now in this excerpt is going to cause
the cause problem it turns out that what we
were talking about before what we were
talking about
[Music]
this girl has
made it very clear so that we understand the
language of these girls they syndicate h thank you
very much thank you very much
gray huge hug kids
what people are becoming members of don't
come in the afternoon what time is it ten to seven
we're having a great hour
even for a great hour
cintita canal chin when what happened to him happened
a week and a half ago two weeks
with Adrià okay I don't support him either I
've already said it in other disorders I don't
criticize him I understand I don't know how I do
n't know how paz I don't know how I would have
reacted I think that I would have
reacted surely and seeing myself
there calling security or something like
that because I'm like very careful
with fights I think that already with the
age that we have a physical fight, I mean I
never liked anything anymore, we're going to
have one in this day and age here, not even like a
stray bullet or whatever, but I don't
like it, bad in a fight between
older people a blow that can cause your
mouth to be broken, that you're missing a tooth or a
blow that has Eskimo
can kill you, I mean a bad blow or whatever it
is, it can happen, well you can
regret it for a moment of heat, a
moment of exclusion or thanks to in
fights never, man, we are supposed to
be civilized beings, it's
supposed that we've left that in
prehistory and things like that when people
hit each other and bit each other's ears, we
saw last week Albertito eating
half an ear and tearing off half an ear
then spitting it out at a kid, we
saw Adrian hitting, breaking
a turkey's eyebrow and we've seen now on a
prime-time tweet show,
on one of the popular
tweet shows, we've seen how one of the
collaborators, one of the presenters,
Marías, thank you very much, breaks the mouth of
another but another presenter
live and  They treat it like a joke, like
poison, I've already said it, okay, he would
give it, he was
supposed to do it, it was in a
nightclub, she rebukes him, the girl hits him and
insults him, first, okay, and he does it as a
reflex, as an impulse, okay, because they
are cornering him, but with a punch and he
runs away, with the bad luck
that that punch, since the girls are wearing
glasses, which they already explain, other
treatments when he wears glasses, it is
more likely that you have a wound or
damage, whatever, it breaks his eyebrows, maybe
because it is crazy, it was so big or
if I don't know, we don't know, maybe it
projects on the one that is so big but yes, it was
and since he was wearing glasses, it broke his eyebrow.
There are times when you have
braces and you are playing with your dog playing
with your children, whatever, and I had a
client with braces, having a
small line, and once I remember the
environment in Spain, half here thinking and I wo
n't split what he had on, teeth
no no, yes, the thing is that to accuse
Adrià's reflex action like that was a
femicide,
okay, campaign here with Bach and curlers out,
but if her boyfriend does it,  treat like
a baby that's how it is takanashi and his logic is like
that okay for punk you understand
so that more or less you try to speak the
language that is spoken in it
if someone allied to it is constructed
and funny I'll split my ass towards the
split mouth you have to go to the
dentist put half a tooth well okay
but it's funny because right it is
reconstructed that you have it adrià who is
right wing or libertarian you can look at the
camera and say Deportivo Cali is
worse than Basuco it is a
soccer team from Colombia
200 ball but I do
n't know why he wants this in a place let's
see if you think I'm a
circus clown either I don't mind sending
greetings to people birthdays I don't know what
but a clown here is recording
greetings here for the truth that I don't I don't
know for what intention I don't know what you know I do
n't know what it is
always put it as your cell phone tune
or if it's to make a promotional video
don't have accused of unemployment then
sorry I don't like being tasty or
anything like you know that if a
birthday in the salud or whatever of
I don't  more called from lots of companies like
this that there are
the companies are to you
and then of course obviously I don't know what these
companies are there are
some companies that are made up of several
people but those are people who
usually end up and end up in those that are
dedicated to famous people who are on
horseback since they don't know about their cousin and they
sign up
for this company and they charge you 40 euros 20
euros for a greeting
and on YouTube the first ten like but if you
're on YouTube and in tweets doing
live shows then why the [ __ ] do you sign up for
that company I tell you oh he was the same
thank you very much but with those on horseback on
horseback I meant Jordi is the one who took him
out because Jordi is not on
horseback at all today that I tell them there should have
been sex mode in which you
confuse them it was like it was if it was
like I was going to the podcast and there was and we
were discussing trying some move today I was
coming a little way grandfather but the case
that will record the podcast from the pharmacy
in my neighborhood left for flight that the
building of the Navarrese formation that
arrived there was Jordi Casals or  the
dreams that are strange or the dreams well the
thing is that
if you yes you have string and people
are donating to you why the hell do you
charge 20 euros in a company 20 40
euros 50 euros because they say hello but if he
sends you a super even if throwing in a euro
ask for a greeting for health
know how to see
Jordi in the end a fine black leg ham I'm
going to go down the street sweeping sales
any day between 1 and 2
lgr
well how Chávez your logic without highlighting like
that your logic in frutal but well I
understand it because it is the logic of all the
logic of all the allies
then as I predicted yesterday
sometimes I want to see that my client what
happens I have done absolutely nothing on the
issue of chemical submission but it
is true that now it has been proposed that it be
started or in other words that it is recognized
as sexist violence which is what is
needed let's see because whoever exercises
violence has to be considered an
aggressor because if they are not considered an
aggressor they are not accountable to justice let's
see if  which refers to
gender beauty and is totally different but
man let's see
and it turns out that he is taking advantage to
sponsor under 23
but I don't know what Dallas uploads to his
homeland
Dallas that uploads exceeds
exclusive content, I mean it hasn't been for a long
time but I've never known what
the superior has like
exclusive videos videos ahead of time I don't know
what no but I'm going to look upload photos
without pants
out of context
Johann plans to support his diet channel
yes totally
totally but you know what happens
and it would be great if Joan Plana had
posted something on the subject it
would be great if Joan Pla Novela
had posted something on the subject but
surely it won't be and if so right
now he is tied hand and
foot because if he does if he criticizes
Dario M H it
will look a little bad because he was
supporting the assisted and he was
tagging Dario
Dario M would give me milk from now on
the Caribbean deserves in fact I'm going to put it
on my twitter but put Dario
de leche
rumor of boom n
know was tagging he was
tagging Dario M H as  to stay
I would do almost everything for him and throw him out of the
Roma you know then
now what critical mass would remain or are you going to
justify it is confirmed that Javi dreams
of sal SEO and debates face rolling
with laughter thank you very much let's see in my
popular work sometimes we have things
at work obviously it's logical that
imagine if I wanted to justify
Dario's milk with which he has been
giving with Adrià's milk man I
could criticize her about Dario like hey
how bad it would help we can't
normalize I don't know how much but
well surely he doesn't get wet and if he does get
wet well I don't know how expensive
but then I say people are throwing it
at the balah because Dallas
got
in the middle of the fight deep down there are more
things that unite you than what separates us
people put humidity Italy dude are
they really comparing
a rhinoplasty
with having your mouth split
this is the level well the level is that
yesterday
I put a tweet for we'll see each other
basically that people are
messing with Dallas ok people
are  messing with dallas because
dallas has started to give his
opinion on the Dario thing which seems
very strong to him a person reacts digitally
and I posted a tweet yesterday there is that I think
is the scope and in fact
at 9 interviews we will talk about the ifai
and such ok
another live that I am not going to monetize yesterday a
live just from above
that was strong and direct about that sex I am
not going to monetize life and here you
have it as I said in the extract
I am sure that dallas was trending and
people will focus on throwing [ __ ] at
tala instead of criticizing what someone
punches another I did not post this
tweet
this hand
is strong because there were haters
and also then I got into the accounts
because I was blocking a few no and they were
getting into the accounts and it was like the typical
[ __ ] that they are who was
posting something also a few
weeks ago when we had the thing about the
pathetic channels and such no nonsense and I
am going to do is defend dallas there
were people putting me down seriously are you going to
defend dallas too  in fact
when he messed with
Dario's girlfriend for free
if they had done it with Lis and surely he would have
jumped and it's like let's see I
already blocked you from the start at the moment
you're comparing the inditas channels
and with Live and in any aspect of
life it's already
bad
that's what I did I say declared
from the start
Javi what do you
think of certain people that since they couldn't continue they get involved happily because they are the [ __ ] cowards of [ __ ] you must have an opinion but if the same as this idea if that is a very rhetorical question it is a super rhetorical question I mean what do you think exactly do you compare it seriously is there
someone who has the balls
to compare them and they stand out like that in
any aspect of life
with Live
the little chair channel yes she goes around slandering
whoever she wants and says a lot of
nonsense about life that they are incredible
with Lis and that it is not pretended
and it is a charm
but well there are people for everything life but
not for Maria thank you very much Maria
queen to the queen of the aerial neighborhood but
there are people who do not understand
things  and we have to explain it to her because I'm
going to put this here and okay, these
are just a few examples of
Cindy Takanashi's little things and obsession
with the Dallas Ballet. I'm not
rafting and Dallas isn't debating. He insults the
bee or looks and exercises sexist violence.
Cindy is playing the piano,
I mean, I don't know, let's see
the food on public transport. Dallas is
committing sexist violence while she's
debating, she's standing there abusing me.
I know
that they're being mistreated, that they mistreat you
in the debate. No,
man, I see a thousand metrics, 2007, flip,
highly. I say,
but why is she debating?
Call it a little bit of another child.
If you already have children, they're
going to touch our buses, our treasures, and
stop respecting our house.
Let's go there,
Alexa. Alexa, you
're not in style
because after
three years of having my studio well with
everything, with this, a tonic, perfect quote,
but I have one of those that right now, really,
is to say that she has a mental problem, it's
an insult to people who really
suffer from mental illness, a
good way to use
mental illness to enjoy yourself.  but to make it
look like they don't use
mental illnesses to attack
how to make progress in a sentence is
defined with it simply for the
person and an abuser
my goodness that you go they
tell Dallas okay this you jump
saying to Dallas my goodness helmet das and
design but disgusting like
stomach ache and he does everything to get people
talking because his only way of being
famous would already screw me up being famous for being the
most repudiated youtube in the [ __ ]
world
obviously it outrages me that he hasn't been
labeled an abuser until he has
said it one day and this is the day of the
whip video he tells him that it outrages him that he has
n't been labeled an abuser
until he has said it a man okay
this was said by several right-wingers
but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop being
happy that people
have finally realized that he is from
the review of his story
the people who after the whip video
michu continue to be for me lose it's
because they lobotomy Sharon while they were
sleeping I have not seen anyone more sexist
homophobic hurtful  despot with so little
grace and with such positive content
like dallas I don't understand how he didn't
do it on all his social networks
where he only laughs at rapes and
insults his boss's [ __ ] when he
calls one of his exes [ __ ]
this is the typical topic that they invent
but it doesn't really exist
that box prohibits
[Music]
that box doesn't want black people in the
country
the typical hoaxes that are found on
the street are repeated decisions like
a truth repeated many times to
a lie repeated many times they
turn it into truth and then you
really read what the party is the
bad campaign that is
against illegal immigration
regarding the suicide of August Ames
an entire LGBT community is being blamed for the
suicide of this girl when
really the [ __ ] who
put her to bed are simply offended by
twitter even speaking and this kind
of people abound regardless of
their sexual orientation and it doesn't matter if that
person is despicable a son of a [ __ ]
or dallas we can make our public trial
go with the turkey this is only a
couple  of examples then sometimes for
example I would like I
don't know where I could find it I'm sure
you guys will be able to tell me the
comments box when what happened in
Rome happened
when what happened in Roman happened they
started to release bird
clips
it revealed that they were bestial they
were bestial the click
surely the saqqaq and Sergio are not
a saga eclipse of Rome
with this
locate the time I know that a lot of people are
out but well I will tell the editor to
put it here I will tell the editor to
put it here I will write it he will be
saying tremendous tremendous tremendous
nonsense okay we will locate it surely
what about me Paulo who finds it and she
saying tremendous tremendous nonsense
okay that the progressive hypocrisy the
progressive hypocrisy once again but well the same
as always nothing familiar
[Music]